Created a section on the docs homepage for the implementation guides. (#1582)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/partner_docs/ThalesGuide/04-ImplementingCTE.mdx

---
title: '3. Implementing CipherTrust Transparent Encryption (CTE)'
description: 'A walk-through of setting up CTE'
---

**Implementing the CipherTrust Transparent Encryption (CTE) solution requires the following components:**

>   1. Postgres Server installed and operational.

Reviewer: Make this a bulleted list unless there is some order implied.

>   1. Postgres Server installed and operational.

Reviewer: Postgres Server is a little ambiguous considering the three flavors of Postgres and that one of them was traditionally called Postgres Advanced Server. I think we may want to refer to server generically by using lower case, if what we mean is the Postgres server for whatever flavor of Postgres you are using.

Reviewer: That said, I'm not sure you need to talk about the components here as they are shown in the previous architecture diagram and discussed in the following Prerequisites section.

  2. CipherTrust Manager installed and operational.
  3. A CTE agent installed on the Postgres host registered to the CipherTrust Manager.

**The following diagram shows the basic flow of the CTE solution:**

<p align="center">
  <img  src="Images/ImplementingCTE.png">
</p>

### 3.1 Prerequisites
#### Postgres Host

> 1. Ensure that the Postgres Server is installed and running.

Reviewer: These don't need to be numbered steps. Change Postgres Server to Postgres server.

  <img  src="Images/CipherTrustManager.png">
</p>

### 3.2 Configuring CipherTrust Manager
Logon to the CipherTrust Manager (CM) Web GUI and perform the following steps:

> 1. Create  Registration Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a registration token.
```

>   a. Navigate to **Key and Access Management** and select **Registration Tokens**. This token will be used for the CTE agent enrollment to CM. 

Reviewer: @josh-heyer, this sub-step is not wrapping correctly. Note sure what the issue is.

>   a. Navigate to **Key and Access Management** and select **Registration Tokens**. This token will be used for the CTE agent enrollment to CM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a. Navigate to **Key and Access Management** and select **Registration Tokens**. This token is used for the CTE agent enrollment to CM. 
```

>   b. Select **New Registration Token** to create a new Registration Token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  b. Select **New Registration Token** to create a new registration token. 
```

> **The following screenshot shows a Registration Token created with the name edb**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following screenshot shows a registration token created with the name **edb**.
```

<p align="center">
  <img  src="Images/ConfiguringCipherTrustManager.png">
</p>

> 2. Create User Sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create user sets.
```

  a. Navigate to CTE and select Policies, Policy Elements and then User Sets. 

>   b. Select Create User Set to create a new User Set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  b. Select Create User Set to create a new user set. 
```

> **The following screenshots show the User Sets created, Postgres, EnterpriseDB and Barman.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following screenshots show the user sets created, Postgres, EnterpriseDB and Barman.
```

    a. Navigate back to **Policies** and select **Create Policy**.

    

> **The following screenshots show Live Data Transformation (LDT) policies postgres-policy, epas-policy and barman-policy.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following screenshots show postgres-policy, epas-policy, and barman-policy Live Data Transformation (LDT) policies.
```

> 

Reviewer: I wouldn't bold the numbered step and make it a sentence instead.

> 

Reviewer: I don't quite follow the note or understand why it ends in a colon.

> [CTE Agent Advanced Installation Guide](https://thalesdocs.com/ctp/cte/Books/Online-Files/7.0.0/CTE_Agent_Linux_Adv_Config_Integration_Guide_v7.0.0_Doc_v6.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[*CTE Agent Advanced Installation Guide*](https://thalesdocs.com/ctp/cte/Books/Online-Files/7.0.0/CTE_Agent_Linux_Adv_Config_Integration_Guide_v7.0.0_Doc_v6.pdf)
```

!!! Note

>     You will need the Registration Token and host address of the CipherTrust Manager during the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You will need the registration token and host address of the CipherTrust Manager during the installation.
```

After the CTE agent is successfully installed, verify the Postgres host is registered with CM.
1. Log on to the CM Web GUI and navigate to **CTE**.
2. Select **Clients**. The client status should appear as **Healthy** as shown below (you may have to wait a few seconds for the status to get updated).

> **The following screenshot shows clients registered with the CipherTrust Manager.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following screenshot shows clients registered with the CipherTrust Manager.
```
